Updates and reorganization of deployment guides (#595)
Azure/missionlz: docs/deployment-guide-bicep.md

#### Azure Security Center (Microsoft Defender for Cloud)

By default [Azure Security Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender-for-cloud/defender-for-cloud-introduction) offers a free set of monitoring capabilities that are enabled via an Azure policy when you first set up a subscription and view the Azure Security Center portal blade.

Azure Security Center offers a standard/defender sku which enables a greater depth of awareness including more recomendations and threat analytics. You can enable this higher depth level of security in MLZ by setting the parameter `deployASC` during deployment. In addition you can include the `emailSecurityContact` parameter to set a contact email for alerts.

Parameter name | Default Value | Description
-------------- | ------------- | -----------
`deployASC` | 'false' | When set to "true", enables Azure Security Center for the subscriptions used in the deployment. It defaults to "false".
`emailSecurityContact` | '' | Email address of the contact, in the form of john@doe.com

#### Azure Sentinel

> Azure Sentinel can be enabled by setting the `deploySentinel=true` parameter.

Reviewer: Sentinel looks like the only optional feature that doesn't have a description of its benefits

```suggestion
[Sentinel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sentinel/overview) is a scalable, cloud-native, security information and event management (SIEM) and security orchestration, automation, and response (SOAR) solution. Sentinel can be enabled by setting the `deploySentinel=true` parameter.
```

Parameter name | Default Value | Description
-------------- | ------------- | -----------
`deploySentinel` | 'false' | When set to "true", enables Microsoft Sentinel within the Log Analytics Workspace created in this deployment. It defaults to "false".

#### Remote access with a Bastion Host

If you want to remotely access the network and the resources you've deployed you can use [Azure Bastion](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bastion/) to remotely access virtual machines within the network without exposing them via Public IP Addresses.

> To deploy a virtual machine as a jumpbox into the network without a Public IP Address using Azure Bastion Host, provide these parameters:

Reviewer: Right now, end users get both virtual machines:

```suggestion
Deploy a Linux and Windows virtual machine as jumpboxes into the network without a Public IP Address using Azure Bastion Host by providing values for these parameters:
```
